Hi, everyone.
In this nature, we are going to fetch weather data.
All right, so we have our axis key, so why not copy this axis key and I'm just going to say const
API key and I'm going to put it right here.
Now, I have created to access keys.
So in case you you run into a problem, you can grab this access key.
If you do not want to create an account, I don't actually mind it, I know it.
But because you're my students I'm going to give it to you for free.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's I'm going to leave the access keys there.
So one is API key.
Let's can I say one.
Can I say two?
We are going to use the one.
Right.
So let's grab our form first.
So I'm going to say const form.
The reason that we are grabbing that form is whenever we enter or we we do a submit event, then that
weather is going to be fetched.
So document that query selector.
It's like the Guardian that we did before.
It's exactly like that.
And I'm going to grab our weather details this because all of this information will be dynamically generated
there.
So I'm going to say const weather details and we're going to document that query selector and the class
is just details.
All right.
So we are going to grab our forum and we're going to add a listener asking to be submit very repetitive
and describe the event.
And to either prevent default and now what do we what do we need to get, we need to grab.
What it is that the user has inserted, what the user has inserted there, right.
All right, so how do we do that?
First off, let me close this and let's add some semicolons.
So we want to grab what it is that we grab.
We want to grab the input value.
We have done that several times.
So instead of actually grabbing it and then doing that value, I'm going to do that all in one line.
So we are going to say Consed, I'm going to call it location.
Location and working to set document that query selector, we have only one input and from that point
we want to grab the value.
So now let's call the get weather function and pass in that location.
So this location now before actually going there, we need to go over the API.
Documentation, so the location is going to be our query, which is going to be right here, right?
So let's go ahead and let's say a sink function and get weather, get weather, and I'm going to pass
in a location.
So that is our query and the query is what the user has inserted.
Right.
And.
And here.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to call in a constant con, I'm going to call I'm going to create
a constant and I'm going to call it whether.
And you know what, I'm just going to call it a response to stay consistent and in here we're going
to say a weight fach.
And what is the euro that we are fetching from, let's come here.
It's this.
I'm going to fetch it.
I'm going to grab it all the way to questionmark.
You know what?
I'm just going to grab it completely so you know where where it is coming from.
And I'm going to change these to back ticks.
Now, what you need to do is you need to remove all the space in or this is going to throw ATRs.
Just put it there, remove this space, remove the space, remove this one, this New York, because
it's query, it doesn't matter if you remove the space or not, but the rest of them should not have
any space.
Now, inside here.
What do we have?
We have our your access key.
So we are going to say our access key is API key one.
Perfect.
And the query, we do not want a hard code.
New York.
We do not want a hard code.
The query.
So the query is going to be our location.
The user enters now they're going to say, you're going, you know, I want to go up const response
data and we are going to say response dot Jason.
But we are going to wait until the response is completed and then we are going to log it.
Log get to the consul, so our response date, save it, API, key location, so if I were to do some
location.
OK, so let's bring it up.
Let's go to concerts.
If I do ha Herot, save it, get weather is not defined.
It is defined, oh, this is lower case, should be upper case typo, so Harat.
Evacuation is not defined.
Oh, why did they leave all the uppercase characters?
OK, so I hope everything is.
There is no other errors, so.
Right, perfect.
So we do get this.
So inside this, you can see that we have a bunch of information, but we are interested in the two
kinds.
So we are going to grab the current.
So you can see cloud cover feels like.
Let me bring this up.
Zoom and feels humidity, precipitation, pressure, temperature, visibility when degree wind direction,
wind speed inside the location we have country, we have latitude, longitude, local time, longitude
name region, time zone.
So we get all this info and we are going to display them on the air in our website.
Like most of these I want to do, I wanted to do these dippie the images, but there were like astonishingly
low quality.
Right.
So I you know, I decided not to do that.
So we do get our results.
So the only thing remaining is just doing something meaningful with it.
So if I come here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create I'm going to call a function display
weather and we are going to pass in response data as the argument.
So now what are we going to do is I'm going to create that display, whether I'm going to say function
display, whether and this person or whether.
Weather, right?
And let's see, so first off, I'm going to create two variables and I'm going to say so we were working
in the current weather.
All right, and we were also working in the current location, so we are working in the current location.
That's why I'm going to grab both of them.
All right.
So the first one is going to be weather.
What was it?
The current?
And the second one is going to be.
Location, so whether dot location.
So we are going to grab data from weather, weather that current and weather the location, but you
know what?
I'm just going to go ahead because it's very, very long and it's basically very simple.
I'm just going to copy it and I'm going to paste it here.
What is this?
You might you might ask.
OK, so it's this this is all of the content that we had here.
All right.
So from this div of titles, then just ignore that.
I'm just going to remove it.
Right.
This div of content sort of weather or is it weather info?
Then inside that we had titles and then extra info.
So if I come here you can see titles and then extra info and inside that temperature feels like local
time precipitation because there is a lot and it's basically simper, simple.
So there are some properties which are, which are present in one place and some properties which are
present and the other place.
Hopefully we have not saved anything.
So we do get a result.
We get our object, so you can see that I'm going I'm just going to show it to you.
So we have some properties which are present inside the current like cloud cover, feels like humidity,
precipitation and et cetera.
So if I come here, you can see that we have said whether that current is this variable and from there,
what current, whether we get the temperature, whether descriptions and again, the temperature feels
like local time, precipitation, humidity, pressure, cloud cover, cover, direction, degree, wind
speed.
And then we jump into LOKKE location, whether what is location, whether it's weather doeth location.
Let's take a look at that.
So close this this is whether the location we get, the latitude, the longitude, the name, the region
and the country.
So we get the latitude, the longitude, the visibility, the region and the name and the country.
So very simple.
We basically have this.
But inside these empty spaces, I'm going to zoom in and you can see that there is an empty space here.
There is nothing.
This is where we have inserted.
Our template literals this sea, so current weather temperature is going to give us a value in numbers
and we are going to add a superscript to it, which is going to be decreasing.
I'm sure you understand what this is.
It's super simple.
So so we get that and all of that belongs to our weather element.
So the only thing that we need to do actually here is grab our weather details.
Why weather details?
Because weather details.
This one is actually the diff that houses all of the other.
If I close it, you can see all of them are present inside weather details.
So let's say weather details, dot enter HTML.
We have grabbed our weather details right here.
Right, so that enter HTML and we are going to set it to our weather element and let's save it and let's
come here.
Hopefully it works.
So Randt, enter.
There we go.
It is working perfectly fine.
So you could check any city, for example, Covel.
Yeah, it changed, Campbell is the same weird Zaranj.
Yeah, we do get Zaranj right, so let's go outside Afghanistan, let's go to Ron.
We get this is the for that, let's go asylum, but enter.
Let's go Delhi or Delhi.
As we call it, we get.
Let's go to Pune.
I think it's like this one.
Poona Poonawalla final hour.
Yeah, let's see, Guohua Center, Grue Cristoforo Colombo Airport, no, I'm sure I've misspelled it.
Anyway, let's let's move on.
Let's go to Honokaa.
Right, let's go Tokyo.
Let's go.
Hmm.
Mostow.
Is it W. not?
Yeah, it does have W right, Moscow.
Let's go Paris.
We did Paris.
Let's do London.
We do get London, so let's do what is the capital of Germany, is it Munich?
I'm not sure it's geography is bad.
I'm not sure about that.
So the US, the Austria, I'm not sure about the capital of Austria, and I have no idea what any city.
So.
Hmm.
What do we get then?
We get to Barcelona.
I do know that Barcelona.
Football team, yeah, nedret, perfect, so we do get that.
What else do we have here?
We have so far this was Portugal, we have Spain.
So no, this was Spain.
Right.
So what do we have for Portugal?
I don't know.
Wow.
I'm really terrible at this.
Maybe I need to brush up my geography skills.
So let's go Athens.
I think I'm correct.
Yes, Chris, we could use we could do Cyprus.
I don't know about that either.
We could do.
Um hmm.
Hmm.
We could do Rio de Janeiro de Janeiro something.
Yeah, DeGennaro and for Argentina.
I'm not sure about that either, so I'm pretty sure we have established that I'm pretty bad at geography.
So that's it for this lecture and for this chapter.
See you guys in the next chapter.